In module 2, I was actively considering the relations of the class work and reading with my own plans for my Unessay far more than I had in module 1. As a result, Meghna Jayanth's "Game Design in the Imperial Mode" really stood out to me among the readings, as she focuses on the role that colonialism plays in the world of video game production, which complements the reading of hers we had assigned in module 1 which focused more on colonialism and white protagonism within the gameworld (Jayanth 2022 and Jayanth 2021). In the McCall reading, and during the lecture on the Historical Problem Space Framework, I was espcially drawn to the articulation of the role of the player as an agent, which is of course accurate. The player interacts with games by making some sort of decisions, influencing the gameplay in some sort of way, giving them, and the character they control, agency (McCall 2020). This is also a key thing to undertand within the world of video games, not just from a historical perspective, but from a colonial and hierarchical one as well. Due to the protagonist being instilled with the agency of the player, making the protagonist an able-bodied, white, straight, cis man is almost an unquestionable norm for video game producers and writers, as Jayanth argues (Jayanth 2021). This made me reflect on the importance of my role in creating a historical "experience" with Echoes focusing on th experiences of Indigenous children in the Residential School system. My role includes the responsibility of acknowledging agency and oppression but most of all listening, reading, and not imposing my voice in my attempt to elevate theirs. I also want to give a sense of agency to those who engage in the experience by not making it a linear one. Listeners will be able to engage with the research from multiple persepctives if they so choose. My goal with this project is also somewhat related to the remix culture that Mills Kelly wrote about in regards to a student changing the backround music of a Newsreel on the Nuremberg Trials to better encapsulate the seriousness and emotions at play (Mills Kelly 2011). Traditional Western historical research and storytelling is very linear and "objective". Remixing the traditional methods of engaging with the past to elevate certain emotions or voices is a newer and important method of historical research, and one that I would like to partake in in my Unessay. While I'm not certain it's the main message of the module, my main takeaway has definitely been the importance of agency in games, and how it reflects the people who made the game and their goals. 
